## About Me

As an information professional I hope to orient my career in the space where technology meets service and individual interaction. Since completing my undergraduate education, I have come to information studies through product development, management of sales and marketing operations and data, support of library administration, and web content creation and management. Working in these various positions I came to appreciate the conceptual underpinnings of information management, access, and dissemination and their importance to all modern institutions both public and private.
Since the fall of 2018 I have been occupied earning a Master of Science degree in Information Studies from the University of Texas at Austin School of Information (UT Austin iSchool) and recently working as a technician for the iSchool’s Information Technology department. At the iSchool, as a student and a technician I have been able to concurrently research and apply aspects of usability, information management and structure, and information communication. My coursework has included such topics as metadata (data description), data wrangling (data structure and processing), database management (database interaction and information display), and information services (use of information resources and information communication). My work as a technician has allowed me to apply these and other concepts in project areas such as database restructure and interaction, information display, taxonomy, knowledge documentation and management, database server administration, and information services as a helpdesk operator.
Prior to my schooling and aforementioned work experience I completed a Bachelor of Arts degree with a concentration in The Classics from Harvard University. I believe that my ability to study a wide variety of subjects as part of a liberal education including earth science, biology, philosophy, art, and computer science in addition to my concentration coursework of historical and cultural area studies transformed my problem-solving and analysis capabilities in a wholistic way that has been highly beneficial in my work and current studies.
Looking to the future I hope to continue working in the development and maintenance of modern information services. My experience working in product development and in information technology support have led me to form a short-term professional goal of professional development working with information infrastructures. My largest professional interests as I prepare to graduate from the UT Austin iSchool is backend application development and cloud infrastructure services such as Amazon Web Services products. Additionally, I am interested in developing as a professional working with information technology services in information organizations such as libraries.

**TL;DR:** User-focused information professional currently working in higher education information technology. Master of Science candidate at the University of Texas studying information management, organization, and infrastructure at the School of Information. Previously Slovenski Camps, ValetQuotes, Curtis Memorial Library, and Harvard University '11-'15
